Compactor: Add Metrics To Track Sparse Index Header Upload (#10878)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

- `TENANT` is the tenant id reported in the example error message above as `REDACTED-TENANT`
- `BLOCK` is the last part of the file path reported as `REDACTED-BLOCK` in the example error message above

### MimirCompactorFailingToBuildSparseIndexHeaders

> This alert fires when `-compactor.upload-sparse-index-headers` is set to `true` but the compactor is failing to upload sparse index headers to object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert fires when `-compactor.upload-sparse-index-headers` is set to `true` but the compactor is failing to build some sparse index headers.
```

How to **investigate**:

> - If the alert `MimirCompactorHasRunOutOfDiskSpace` has fired as well, then investigate that issue first. If there is no disk space available, the compactor will fail to write sparse headers to local disk prior to upload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the alert `MimirCompactorHasRunOutOfDiskSpace` has fired as well, then investigate that issue first. If there is no disk space available, the compactor fails to write sparse headers to local disk prior to upload.
```
